Our bodies are sexualized bodies because our
melanin has been looked at a certain way and
treated a certain way. It’s very clear to us now
that Black women’s bodies have been oversexualized
and over- treated with violence compared to other
bodies. Same with Indigenous bodies. And so,
when you move into sex from that angle of things,
of course the needs are different. We instituted a
mini sort of talk, like a, “Hey, if you’re a white
person coming to the space or white identified,
here’s the rundown of what it means to be a
white ally in the space.” There was definitely,
like, orientation moments where at 9:30
p.m., you all gather here, if you want
a tour of the space or whatever. But in those
moments, people would also have to talk about,
or work into conversations, the politics
of certain bodies being more “attractive”
and more people flocking to certain kinds
of people than other kinds of people, and
what it meant to eroticize certain communities.
You know? Like... We had like a contract that
people had to sign off on at the door. If you’re
a person of colour, you could just walk right in,
which is really interesting because I don’t think
we would do the same thing now. Right? Like,
doesn’t mean that lateral violence isn’t
happening. Doesn’t mean that I’m not being
racist or anti-Indigenous as a brown woman or
whatever. So, it’s just interesting where we were
at with some of the ways in which we were
trying to talk about race in those spaces.